THIS IS ALL IN JIRA NOW. DON'T ADD TO IT. ADD TO JIRA.
TODO
PopulateForm doesn't need to get called so much.  It only needs to get called when the person and form are loaded
markCompletedFormsComplete throws an error when an application is loaded and the browser is refreshed
The second parent for all the children gets duplicated over and over and over for each application
ALL users are coming down at some point for some weird reason
There's password info coming down with the person information
Person information isn't being considered when determining if they are complete with their enrollment.
There's no feedback when person is saved.
Populator has to create two parents, always.

Show the name for the login
Email sent after Login
The 'Are you sure you want to navigate away' dialog incorrectly warns the user when it would be perfectly fine for them to leave.
Make entering grade a combo box
remove Guest Days from lower school
an evaluation is added on an early childhood one the right pane stacks underneath the left menu.
get new item on the admin menu to be able to see ALL apps (or put a filter on it).
put only SUBMITTED apps into the grid.
the users need more emails.
Change NON-SUBMITTED APPLICATIONS to NONSUBMITTED
We need on the elementary form on the first page to state - Year applying for admission:
Please add to Teacher Evaluation section of Early Childhood/Elem app:
non component fields, such as Child lives with this parent, need to be turned into components
login errors need to be clear.
more strategic guidance instructions throughout the UI
change georgie's email to a test email so she doesn't get slam spammed
Datefields are coming back with default values.  It should be null.
Datefields are coming back with default values.  It should be null.
all country inputs should be drop downs
Get the creat account login stuff working for sure.
Make everything pretty again
get the application grid for admins working
FINISH FILE UPLOAD
create admin accounts
Make the accordion be nice and animated
Remove unecessary tabs and stuff
Figure out what the left menu should look like for anonymous users
put a overridden setter in StudentEvaluation.class.php to block
        //non owners/admins from seeing evaluation data.
get the problem with multiple processing passes for the addition of surveys figured out
the instructions need to be put on to make things clear.
handle all the deleting stuff
the teachers should be redirected after they close the alert after submitting an evaluation
they need to not be able to answer a survey more than once.  It should only be submittable if its valid.
Form submitters are still able to edit student evaluations.  They should see a read only blank version.
teacher should not be able to submit the survey unless its valid
Evaluation forms have the wrong titles on them.
some questions shouldn't be shown if others are.  Some should be required based on the answer of another such as 'q: how did you hear about us, a: parent, -> q: parent name'
Lines, colors, spacing borders, label widths fonts and font sizes.
Collapsing consistency.
Emails need to be sent for account creation if its not a domain account.
Menu the menu on the left doesn't do anything.
all console messages need to be routed to a debug try catch
when logging in the waiting text says: "saving application"
the functionality to 'check your application' needs to be added.
there is some simple functionality that allows an intro tab to be place that can display some WP content. maybe it should be re-enabled;
the account creation error doesn't have a good and meaningful message
Application Fee needs a 'same as parent 1 address'
a good error message for duplicate username during registration needs to be put in.
the beginning of user preferences... change password
there needs to be a logout link.
only teachers and admins need to see the values for the surveys
the same email should not be specifiable twice.
there should be a send again option in case the teacher missed the first email but another email should be enterable
it looks like the qqubed stuff is autocommitting.  Turn it off.
QuestionId is NOT being used in the ui.  It should be deleted from everywhere.
qqcubed supports cross-session transaction isolation somehow.  This needs to be supported in the ui
the update progress stuff needs to be put back
the application must have a certain number of fields complete in order to be able to invite a teacher To evaluate the student.  Namely, the students name and address.
the email templates and their corresponding variables need to be reviewed.
there may be an issue with addresses and phone numbers coming back in the wrong orde.
verify that first time forms vs reloaded forms all works right.
sometimes the menu is not getting populated with all the applications
get all the khabel urls out of here and AT LEAST into a config file but preferrably into the database.


        //     Once you have been contacted by our admissions director, please use this form to request teacher evaluations for your child.
        //Mail when 1. receipt for payment, 2. guest days form is sent.  3. Their app is submitted.
        //AND put the user's name in the address for the email.

        //Flatten out the app and print
        //Fixe doc upload
        //Info link if they're having trougl
load masks need to be put everywhere using the setLoading method

